so the next thing we want to do is remove the
fillets now this has four fillets it has a
center bone it actually sticks up nice and high
so it makes it easy for it and if you look
there's a line that you can follow right along
in here so the first thing that I want to do is
cut right behind the head with a nice sharp
knife and go right down to that center bone
then if you see the center bone I want to actually
score it so I can see where I'm cutting now this
bone does tend to stick up so you want to get just
on one side of it and I usually go all the way
down with the tip of my knife, I have a bit of a flexible
knife, you also want to know where your hand is so
you want to keep your hand clear in case the knife
slips and sometimes with fish the knife can slip
quite easily, so again I'm just going to slowly
with the tip of my knife start to remove the flesh
now as you can see here because my knife is
flexible it's very easy to get down to the
bone here so I'm going down along the bone and i
like to continue to keep going all the way down
when possible as you can see it's coming out
quite nicely and it's going along the bone line
we're removing the fillet with the skin on
so we're not going to take the skin off until
after when it gets down to the end here i
just want to continue to cut all the way along
and then eventually we're going
to go right through the skin here
and because our knife is nice and sharp it
should have no problem going all the way through